Add docs for official-modules concept (#4788)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/index.md

    But there are also "private", implementation detail dependencies (e.g. docker-java-core, Guava, OkHttp, etc etc) that are not exposed to public API but prone to conflicts with test code/application under test code. 
    As such, **these libraries are 'shaded' into the core testcontainers JAR** and relocated under `org.testcontainers.shaded` to prevent class conflicts.

## Modules

> Testcontainers comes with many modules, that extend the functionality of Testcontainers and provide integration and better supoort for certain Docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testcontainers comes with many modules that extend the functionality of Testcontainers. These modules provide integration and better supoort for certain Docker images.
```

> Those modules are either supported and maintianed by the Testcontainers project, or directly by maintainers of the technology vendor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those modules are either supported and maintained by the Testcontainers project, or directly by maintainers of the technology vendor.
```

Modules are characterized through the following categories:

| Module Category | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | 🚀 **Official** | Official modules are mainly **supported and maintainted by the technology vendor**. The vendor is supported in their activities by the Testcontainers project. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 🚀 **Official** | Official modules are mainly **supported and maintained by the technology vendor**. The vendor is supported in their activities by the Testcontainers project. |
```

| 🤖 **Standard** | Standard modules are **maintained by the Testcontainers project and its community**. They are supported on a **best-effort-basis** with regards to their integration with 3rd party technologies. |

> | 🍼 **Incubating** | Incubating modules are exclusively **maintained and supported by the Testcontainers community**. In case they prove their usefulness and stability overt time, they are eventually promoted to Offical or Standard modules. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 🍼 **Incubating** | Incubating modules are exclusively **maintained and supported by the Testcontainers community**. If they prove their usefulness and stability over time, they are eventually promoted to Offical or Standard modules. |
```

> | 🗑️ **Deprecated** | Deprecated modules are no longer supported by the Testcontainers project and we don't accept new features of fixes for them. We will eventually decide to stop publishing them altogether. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 🗑️ **Deprecated** | Deprecated modules are no longer supported by the Testcontainers project and we don't accept new features or fixes for them. We will eventually stop publishing them altogether. |
```
